So now I'm in the Visual Studio Code and I'm going to start writing the code.
And in this section is going to be like an extension of our last section itself.
So if you have watched our earlier section order code that I'm going to be writing over here is going
to be pretty much exactly the same like our last section.
So I would recommend you to please go and watch our earlier section where we were talking about how
we can do RAC testing with deep eval.
The same idea is going to be used over here, but just that it's going to be a different metrics altogether.
And we are going to be using AI agent instead of RAC over here.
And the coding is going to remain exactly the same for the deep level.
It's not going to be much of a change.
So this section is going to be very small compared to our last section, because we have discussed even
the portal in our last section, like the confident AI portal.
And here there is no confident AI portal itself because of the way this tool correction metrics really
works.
So we don't really need to go through that as well.
So it's going to be just like a straightforward verification over here.
So all the code that we are going to be seeing over here are going to remain exactly the same.
and it is going to be very, very straightforward.
So I'm going to copy paste all the codes which is sitting over here.
And I'm going to start writing the code.
So most of the code that you're going to be seeing is going to be just reused from here, from the existing
section that we have discussed.
So I'm going to go and even we don't even require this confident AI API key this time because guess
what?
We are not even going to pass any of the key information over there.
So I'm just going to leave that guy as it is.
And then we are going to start creating our tool that we are going to be working with.
So the first thing that we are going to do is, I'm going to say creating the tools to pass in our AI
agent, and I'm going to hit tick.
And the tools, you remember the custom tools that we were building in our earlier sections of the course?
I'm just going to use the exactly the same idea from the long chain.
I'm going to get all the tools, and I'm going to go paste those tools over here.
I'm going to run that.
And we need to create the list of the tools like how we do before.
So I'm going to do the list of the tools and I'm going to paste it over here.
We don't even have the Wikipedia, so I'm just going to leave that.
I'm just going to take the custom tools this time just for the demonstration purpose, and I'm going
to create that tool, and then we're going to call our AI agent to perform the operation.
And remember the agent discussion we were doing in our section seven of this folder structure, not
the actual section seven of the Udemy course that you have got.
But the section over here in the the structure of our Visual Studio Code.
So over here you can see that this is the agent code that we wrote, which is going to invoke our custom
tools that we have built.
So I'm going to put a markdown over here and I'm going to say the AI agent code to invoke our custom
Toolings something like that.
And I'm going to add the code over here.
So the tools is the tools that we just created over here.
I have copy pasted that and we are going to start running it.
This is just going to work fine.
So if I let's say remove this guy from here.
So what is the sum of two and four.
So if I execute it this is going to run uh the agent executor chain.
And you know what is going to happen because this is going to call our custom tool like add number tools,
which we have defined over here.
And then the LM is going to respond it like the sum of two and four is six.
So that it is very straightforward.
So basically this is what is really happening.
So if you give what is the sum of two and four.
And then this the agent is going to choose appropriately the add numbers tool.
And then it is going to give us the answer.
So if I am going to ask the question uh, what is the uh double of two, which is going to be the multiplication
in this case.
And what I tried to run this, it is going to solve this by multiplying the two number.
You can see that the thought is coming from the large language model.
But in turn, the AI agent is going to invoke the multiply numbers tool.
And then it is going to run them.
And it's going to give us the answer as four.
And the same thing is going to happen if you try to do a subtraction.
So these are the operations that we have got from our AI agent and our custom tools that we have built.
And now the question is, how do we test whether the AI agent correctly invokes the tool that we have
built on the top?
That is the quest, right?
This is the thing that we are going to be discussing in this particular section.
So in order to do that, we are first going to create our data set, which is the golden data set as
we discussed in our last section of the course, which is this golden data set that we're talking about.
But over here the questions are going to be a bit different comparatively, which is going to be the
question like what is the sum of two and four?
And then the answer is going to be the sum of two and four is maybe six.
And similarly what is the double of two.
Then the answer is going to be the double of two is four or something like that.
So I'm going to write all of these over here.
And then I'm also going to add the tool columns as well.
So all of these things that we're going to be discussing in our next lecture of this course.